Update workflow template documentation (#6883)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _automating-configurations/workflow-templates.md

# Workflow templates

> OpenSearch provides several workflow templates for some common machine learning (ML) use cases. Using a template simplifies complex setups required for use cases like semantic or conversational search. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OpenSearch provides several workflow templates for some common machine learning (ML) use cases. Using a template simplifies complex setups and provides many default values for use cases like semantic or conversational search. 
```

# Workflow templates

> OpenSearch provides several workflow templates for some common machine learning (ML) use cases. Using a template simplifies complex setups required for use cases like semantic or conversational search. 

Reviewer 2: Can we explain here maybe that we also support pre defined template based on a given use case? and also user can give there own template if they want and then link to create workflow API?
Then we can give example:

> For example, you can configure the setup required for [neural sparse search]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/search-plugins/neural-sparse-search/) by using the `local_neural_sparse_search_bi_encoder` predefined template. When you use a template, the multi-step setup that required running separate API requests is accomplished with a single request.

Reviewer 2: I am also still unsure if we should have this as the first example as the other one simplifies a lot more complexity vs this one that simplifies 3 API calls only
